ae
We brought martins so that was a good
idea was stupid an idea this is
one of the biggest teams but the most
important thing is that we had at all times
we have many more people who are
meet and of course with the weather in portugal
like we have here a smart
muscular
Good bargain is very good.
I only lived four lines to get here
it was not four hours today I've been
here he spoke
thanks
is to last and that I told you in the market if
Imagine not believing but went to Bahia.
is that it was much more but they were 976
seen above the cascais villa with the
houses of body view rose but also
It has to be in cascais.
now the weather was worse now
Okay, woman helped the toucan in Brazil.
enjoy
We really like it is a cooperation with
shells
even with all the other areas here in
portugal more cascais especially
way of collaborating in the form of
coordinating with our spectacular is something
that we have never seen in other areas of the world
important important and enthusiasm
confusion
not even so I'm happy to smart
everyone has
the letter is a marvel via phone
through the organization congratulations
I think it was an an event quite well
even organized and I think they should do
efforts to participate must repeat a
these are no good, I'm from Sao
Miguel, but I want to work to emerge.